Route SNS notifications through a Lambda function (#5246) (#5445)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#5246 Route SNS notifications through a Lambda function
=======================================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

Manually deploy the ``shared`` & ``gitlab`` components (in that order)
of any main deployment just before pushing the merge commit to the
GitLab instance in that deployment.

After the merge commit builds on GitLab, follow the instructions in the
README.md, for section 3.2.3 titled `Transition Amazon SES resource out of sandbox`.

> This needs to be done for all main deplouments, except the ``dev`` account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This needs to be done for all main deployments, except for ``dev``.
```

> This needs to be done for all main deployments, except for ``dev`` account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This needs to be done for all main deployments, except for ``dev``.
```
